#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass USTCthesis
\begin_preamble
%Created by jmcui 
%\graphicspath{{C:/Users/jmcui/Desktop/Lyxthesis/USTCthesis}}
\end_preamble
\options doctor,twoside,adobefont
\use_default_options false
\master ../Main.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\begin_local_layout
NoStyle	Chapter
NoStyle	Chapter*
NoStyle	Thanks
NoStyle	Abstract
NoStyle	EnglishAbstract
\end_local_layout
\language australian
\language_package babel
\inputencoding gbk
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\font_cjk fs
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder false
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 2
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index 索引
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout ChapterSpecial
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
First and foremost I would like to express my deepest gratitude to my supervisor
 Prof.
 Nu Xu and Prof.
 Ziping Zhang for introducing me to the relativistic heavy-ion physics research.
 With their encouragement, tremendous support and sound advice, they make
 the research interesting for me.
 I would like to thank Dr.
 Timothy Hallman, Dr.
 James Dunlop, Prof.
 Zhangbu Xu, Prof.
 Nu Xu and Prof.
 Peter Jacobs for offering me the opportunity to work at BNL and LBNL.
 Prof.
 Nu Xu provided me wise advice, excellent ideas and brilliant guidance in
 my research.
 I learned a lot from him and I want to express my sincerely thanks to him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I would especially thank Dr.
 Xin Dong for guiding me through all the detailed analysis in my research
 for two years.
 His perpetual energy and enthusiasm in research had motivated me.
 He offered me plenty helps and fruitful discussions.
 I benefit a lot from his guidance.
 I would have been lost without him.
 Also I would thank to Dr.
 Aihong Tang, he guided me in the work of the High Level Trigger and leaded
 me into the gate of experimental physics.
 And many thanks to Dr.
 Lijuan Ruan, she offered me plenty helps in analysis and physics.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I would like to thank Prof.
 Yifei Zhang and Dr.
 Bingchu Huang who introduced me into the data analysis.
 They keeps offering me the help in my research.
 I would also like to thank Dr.
 Jie Zhao.
 He worked together with me in the dielectron analysis and it is a pleasant
 experience to work with him and I learned a lot from him.
 My thanks also to Dr.
 Hongwei Ke, I worked with him on the High Level Trigger.
 He introduced me into the computing science and helped me a lot on programming.
 I would like to thank Dr.
 Chi Yang and Qiye Shou, my roommates in BNL, for enjoyable corporation
 on work and living and abundant helpful discussions.
 I would like to thank Ms.
 Xiangli Cui and Mr.
 Hao Qiu for their assistances in my research.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I would like to thank the dielectron physics group at STAR collaboration,
 especially Prof Frank Geurts, Dr.
 Patrick Huck, Joey Butterworth , Kefeng Xin.
 I would like to express my thanks to the STAR group colleagues at BNL and
 High Energy Physics Group colleagues at USTC, especially Prof Hongfang
 Chen, Prof.
 Zizong Xu, Prof.
 Xiaolian Wang, Prof.
 Qun Wang, Prof.
 Ming Shao, Mr.
 Hui Zeng.
 And I must thanks Dr.
 Hao qiu, Prof.
 Shusu Shi, Xu Sun, Long Ma and Dr.
 Alexander Schmah for they help during my stay at LBNL.
 It is really a beautiful experience in my life.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I would like to thank all my friends for inspiring me in research and life
 during the 5 years we spent together at USTC, BNL and LBNL.
 They are, for example, Chengming Du, Yan Yang, Lizhu Chen, Xiangli Cui,
 Xuan Li, Yuhui Zhu, Liqin Han, Wangmei Zha, Liang Zheng and so on.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, my deep gratitude goes to my parents for their unflagging love
 and support throughout my life.
 This dissertation is impossible without them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align right
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

~~~
\end_layout

\end_inset

Yi Guo
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

~~~~
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
today
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
